update: Clarify uBO Lite update timeline (#3053)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/browser-extensions.md

If you set the default filtering mode to "Optimal" or "Complete" the extension will request read/modify access to **all** websites you visit. However, you also have the option to change the setting to "Optimal" or "Complete" on a **per-site** basis by adjusting the slider in the extension's pop-up panel on any given site. When you do so, the extension will request read/modify access to that site only. Therefore, if you want to take advantage of uBlock Origin Lite's "permission-less" configuration, you should probably leave the default setting as "Basic" and only adjust it higher on sites where that level is not adequate.

> uBlock Origin Lite only receives block list updates whenever the extension is updated from your browser's extension marketplace, as opposed to on demand. This means that you may miss out on new threats. The extensions updates every 2 days, using Google [expedited review for filters updates](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/skip-review). However, only so-called [safe-rules](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/declarativeNetRequest#safe_rules) can be updated, limiting the update frequency of lists using advanced techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uBlock Origin Lite only receives block list updates whenever the extension is updated from your browser's extension marketplace, as opposed to on demand. Google has an [expedited review process](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/skip-review) for filter updates, which means you still typically receive filter list updates as frequently as uBlock Origin Lite chooses to publish a release (historically every 2-7 days). However, only so-called "[safe rules](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/declarativeNetRequest#safe_rules)" can be updated, which may limit the update frequency of lists using advanced techniques.
```

https://discuss.privacyguides.net/t/inaccurate-statement-in-the-browser-extensions-section/28090/3
